README.md, before:

# Riven Bot for Discord
> Source code for Riven Bot

This repository has all the source code that makes the Riven Bot work. Destiny 2 is a very famous game created and developed by Bungie game studios. The idea is to have a Discord bot that contains very useful utilities for players like myself like retrieving weekly-rotation information for in-game activities, player-specific raid/dungeon statistics, and Vendor information using _Discord messages only_. The most important reason for this project though, is to help me learn and understand deeply modern JVM-based technologies as well as their benefits and trade-offs.

## Stack
  - [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot) - Official documentation for Spring Boot
  - [Spring Webflux](https://spring.io/reactive) - Official documentation for Spring Reactive framework, for Project Reactor see [here](https://projectreactor.io/)
  - [Redis](https://redis.io/) - Official documentation for Redis
  - [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) - Official documentation for Docker & Docker Compose
  - [MongoDB](https://mongodb.com) - Official documentation for MongoDB
## Testing
  - [JUnit5](https://junit.org/junit5/) - Official documentation for JUnit5 for testing JVM based languages
  - [Mockito](https://site.mockito.org/) - Official documentation for Mockito
  - [AssertJ](https://assertj.github.io/doc/) - Official documentation for AssertJ assertions framework for testing
  - [Test Containers](https://java.testcontainers.org/) - Official documentation for Test Containers using Java
  - [Wiremock](https://wiremock.org/docs/) - Official documentation for Wiremock

Any information regarding versions you can find it in the `build.gradle` file

_Bot invite link_: (To be added in the future, current version 0.1.0-alpha isn't stable enough for use)

## Contributing
This is meant to be a personal-project, therefore any issues or suggestions are appreciated but the development of the bot is under my responsibility and of selected trusted individuals. If you have an awesome idea for this bot, you can open an issue so we can discuss further.

Commit message:

Added Observability section to the README as well as a 'why' section

README.md, after:

# Riven Bot for Discord
> Source code for Riven Bot

This repository has all the source code that makes the Riven Bot work. Destiny 2 is a very famous game created and developed by Bungie game studios. The idea is to have a Discord bot that contains very useful utilities for D2 players that use Discord as their main social media platform like retrieving weekly-rotation information for in-game activities and player-specific raid/dungeon statistics. 

## Why? 
Because I can and I want to learn through projects that I find fun and challenging.

## Stack
  - [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot) - Official documentation for Spring Boot
  - [Spring Webflux](https://spring.io/reactive) - Official documentation for Spring Reactive framework, for Project Reactor see [here](https://projectreactor.io/)
  - [Redis](https://redis.io/) - Official documentation for Redis
  - [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) - Official documentation for Docker & Docker Compose
  - [MongoDB](https://mongodb.com) - Official documentation for MongoDB
## Testing
  - [JUnit5](https://junit.org/junit5/) - Official documentation for JUnit5 for testing JVM based languages
  - [Mockito](https://site.mockito.org/) - Official documentation for Mockito
  - [AssertJ](https://assertj.github.io/doc/) - Official documentation for AssertJ assertions framework for testing
  - [Test Containers](https://java.testcontainers.org/) - Official documentation for Test Containers using Java
  - [Wiremock](https://wiremock.org/docs/) - Official documentation for Wiremock
## Observability
  - [Loki](https://grafana.com/oss/loki/) - Official documentation for OSS Loki
  - [Grafana](https://grafana.com/oss/grafana) - Official documentation for OSS Grafana
  - [Loki4j](https://github.com/loki4j/loki-logback-appender) - Official GitHub repository for Loki4j Logback Appender

Any information regarding versions of specific dependencies you can find it in the `build.gradle` file at the root directory of the project

_Bot invite link_: (To be added in the future, current version 0.1.0-alpha isn't stable enough for use)

## Contributing
This is meant to be a personal-project, therefore any issues or suggestions are appreciated but the development of the bot is under my responsibility and of selected trusted individuals. If you have an awesome idea for this bot, you can open a 
GitHub issue; that way we can discuss the idea further.
